    
    ToonZ Mission:    
        
    TOONZ is all about accessibility. We wanted people to be able to find and add playlists to their Spotify accounts by 
    simply expressing the mood of music they want to listen to with emojis. Emojis have become an internet and mobile device 
    phenomenon and act as the go-to form for expressing emotions that may otherwise be difficult to capture through words. The 
    best thing about these emojis, however, is that they are universal; and thus, they guarentee greater accessibility. No 
    matter reading ability, first language or other language barrier, TOONZ can connect users to all of their favorite music.


    ToonZ User Guide:
    
    Log In
    
    	Upon opening the website, the user finds our logo and a button reading “Log in Through Spotify”. 
    	Once clicked, the user is redirected to a Spotify login page where they have the option of logging in or signing up to Spotify. 
    	After the user logs in with their information, and allows TooNZ to access their account, they will find our single main page.
    
    Main Page
    
        The main page includes a search bar reading “Choose Your Emoji” and a white emoji picker within that search bar. 
        The emoji picker is a drop down box with two tabs, “Recents” and “Faces”. To choose an emoji, 
        the user clicks on the white emoji picker and selects the “Faces” tab to see over 50 emoji faces. The user also
        has the option to type in a keyword if they so choose. 
    	
    Searching
    
    	Once the user finds the right emoji that reflects their mood, they can click on the emoji and click the search bar. 
    	Immediately, on the same page, several related playlists pop up beneath the search bar for the user to explore. Each
    	playlist is represented by its corresponding cover on Spotify. Finally, the user can click on any of these playlists 
    	and listen to the first 30 seconds of one of the Playlist tracks. 
    
    Follow a Playlist
    
        If a user decides they would like to add one of the playlists to their Spotify account, they can click the orange
        '+' button in the bottom right corner of each playlist cover. This automatically adds the current user as a
        follower. If the user wants to check that a playlist is added, they simply go to Spotify and look at their followed 
        playlists. 
